Update troubleshoot-arc-enabled-vms.md (#3618)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-local/manage/troubleshoot-arc-enabled-vms.md

        }
```

> ## Live Migrations on Azure Local 23H2 May Fail Without Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Live migrations on Azure Local 2311.2 and later could fail without error
```

After upgrading from Azure Local 22H2 to 23H2, or on a clean install of 23H2, you may encounter issues where VMs fail to live migrate in an Azure Local Cluster.  

**Issue:** Live migration attempts may fail silently — no error messages are logged.

This problem is caused by a known issue in Azure Local 23H2 that manifests under specific system configurations.

**Resolution:**  

> Run the following PowerShell script locally on one of the cluster nodes. This script will apply a registry fix on all nodes. After running it, reboot each node one at a time for the change to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following PowerShell script locally on one of the Azure Local machines. This script applies a registry fix on all the machines of your Azure Local instance.

After you have run the script, reboot each machine one at a time for the change to take effect.
```
